>> Jem: All right command mode,
let's go back into VIM.
So when I tap I, Haha, VIM is easy.
Yeah sorry, thank you.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Jem: All right.
>> Jem: Okay, thank you.
Thanks for reminding me.
So, Insert mode.
It says INSERT mode at
the bottom of the screen.
Hit ESC, or in command mode.
So, let me just reference my slides.
So in command mode, you can do file
manipulations, things like that.
So if I hit U.
I can undo what I just typed,
that's a useful command.
And if I press CTRL+R, that's redo.
>> Jem: Undo, redo, undo, redo.
>> Jem: So if you wanna delete a line,
dd is delete the line.
>> Jem: So, escape, dd,
if I wanna undo that, just type U.
The thing about command mode, it doesn't
tell you you're in command mode.
You just have to look at
the bottom of the screen and
see that I'm not in insert mode.
Undo.
>> Jem: And again,
vimgifs, fantastic site,
will tell you exactly what you're doing.
So Harris asked,
if DNS a phone book, how will I be
using it to find relevant numbers?
Again, it's just a cache.
It's just a giant, giant phone book.
But I'm glad people are still
thinking about DNS and
everything cuz we're just
gonna keep building on layers.
So if you have any questions, just tell
me to slow down and I'll jump back.
Danielle said, I don't clear backspace.
You can absolutely clear a backspace.
That's when you're in Insert mode.
So Insert, hello, and you can backspace.
But once you get out of Insert mode.
Backspace [NOISE],
won't do anything anymore.
Different modes, different commands.
Think of them as contextual commands for
different parts of the menu.
But since I'm in command mode, some do.